What security risks can storing passwords in plain text cause? How can this problem be addressed programmatically?
It makes user credentials vulnerable to phishing attacks. 
A way to combat this would be to hash passwords with MD5 hashing, but this is also vulnerable to rainbow table attacks. 
If you add salt to the hash it becomes more unique. It is also possible to encrypt data using other algorithms like SHA-2.

As http requests and responses are text-based information, they can be easily intercepted and read by a third-party on the Internet. Please explain how this problem has been solved in real-world scenarios. 
To protect from Man in the middle attacks you can use HTTPS but that is not usually enough. 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) is a policy which further adds security. 
You can add it by setting the HTTP header Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000;

How can we use Flask for implementing multi-page web applications? Please explain how Flask templates can help us on the way?
If we would implement proper routing we can use Flask templates to switch between the HTML files which contain repetitive code (boilerplate). 
That would enable us to use forward and back-buttons to store page history etc. 

Please describe a Database Management System. How SQLiteis different from other DBMSs?
SQLite is an open source project and is a self-contained, serverless database. 
Sometimes it is referred to as an embedded database which means the DB engine runs as a part of the app. 
SQLite assists datatypes such as Blob, Integer, Null, Text, Real (Not all data types). 
SQLite is best for smaller databases and when you develop small standalone apps which don’t need much scalability.

Do you think the Telnet client is a good tool for testing server-side procedures? What are its possible shortages? 
User ID and password are transmitted without any encryption.
It is not possible to run GUI based tools over Telnet connection as it is a character based communication tool. 
It is not possible to transmit cursor movements and other GUI information. 
It is very inefficient protocol. Each keystrokes require several context switches before it reaches the other end. 
It is expensive due to slow typing speeds.



